*Research Workshop: Mapping the Progressive Writers’ Movement
3-day Symposium on Doing Research
28 February | Department of Humanities and Social Sciences
BITS-Pilani, Hyderabad Campus*
A focused workshop aimed at creating a research cluster to map the Progressive Writers’ Movement will be held at the Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, BITS-Pilani, Hyderabad Campus, on 28 February.
The workshop seeks to bring together scholars from diverse linguistic and regional backgrounds across South Asia to foster long-term collaboration leading to sustained and varied research outputs. Participants will collectively explore methods, archival resources, and collaborative frameworks for studying the Progressive Writers’ Movement in their own regional milieu and across languages and regions.
The workshop will be led by Judhajit Sarkar (Assistant Professor, Heidelberg University) and Tony Sebastian, PhD (Assistant Professor, BITS-Pilani, Hyderabad Campus).
This workshop forms part of a three-day Symposium on Doing Research.
Participation Details
•	Registration: Free of charge
•	Hospitality: Limited accommodation (first-come, first-served) for participants travelling from outside Hyderabad. Working lunches will be provided on all three days of the Symposium.
•	How to Apply: 
Step 1: Use the link to register for the Symposium
Step 2: Once registered, please write to tony.sebastian@hyderabad.bits-pilani.ac.in with: a brief bio (150 words) and a short note (150 words) outlining the strengths you will bring to the research cluster (e.g., familiarity with specific corpora, archival access, linguistic expertise, or other relevant information) 
Online participation (for the workshop only, not the full symposium) may be considered based on the expression of interest. Please note that registration must be done using the link attached. Registration is free and mandatory for issue of participation certificates. 
Special Lectures: The workshop will be followed by a plenary lecture by P. P. Raveendran (Professor (Retd.), School of Letters, Mahatma Gandhi University). The Valedictory Address concluding the three-day Symposium will be delivered by Ipshita Chanda (Professor, Comparative Literature and India Studies, EFLU Hyderabad). 
Please find the detailed programme of the Symposium with registration link attached.

google form- https://forms.gle/W8xs2FeUwd8x8o1h8

This workshop is part of the 3 day Symposium on Doing Research

form content-
State of Arts - Three-day symposium on doing research
f20240174@hyderabad.bits-pilani.ac.in Switch account
 
* Indicates required question
Email
*
Record f20240174@hyderabad.bits-pilani.ac.in as the email to be included with my response
Name:
Affiliation:
Please indicate the days that you shall be attending: 
Day 1 (26th Feb, Thurdsay)
Day 2 (27th Feb, Friday)
Day 3 (28th Feb, Saturday)
Day 1 & Day 2
Day 2 & Day 3
All the three days (26th to 28th Feb)
There is a parallel session on day 2, please indicate your first preference:
*
Dietery Preference
*
Veg
Non Veg
If you are an outstation PhD scholar and require accommodation, please indicate the dates when you require accommodation.
